com/origin/cpf_standard/ui/historico_consultar_cpf/HistoricoConsultaCpf.java
 com.origin.cpf_standard.ui.historico_consultar_cpf.HistoricoConsultaCpf
com/origin/cpf_standard/model/CPF.java
 com.origin.cpf_standard.model.CPF
com/origin/cpf_standard/ui/historico_consultar_cpf/HistoricoConsultaViewModel.java
 com.origin.cpf_standard.ui.historico_consultar_cpf.HistoricoConsultaViewModel
com/origin/cpf_standard/ui/consultarScoreSerasa/FormularioConsultarHistoricoSerasa.java
 com.origin.cpf_standard.ui.consultarScoreSerasa.FormularioConsultarHistoricoSerasa
com/origin/cpf_standard/model/Db.java
 com.origin.cpf_standard.model.Db
com/origin/cpf_standard/ui/boavista_consulta/boa_vista_consultar.java
 com.origin.cpf_standard.ui.boavista_consulta.boa_vista_consultar
com/origin/cpf_standard/model/ExceptionsCPF.java
 com.origin.cpf_standard.model.ExceptionsCPF
com/origin/cpf_standard/Splash.java
 com.origin.cpf_standard.Splash
 com.origin.cpf_standard.Splash$1
com/origin/cpf_standard/ui/consultar_cpf/ConsultarCPFViewModel.java
 com.origin.cpf_standard.ui.consultar_cpf.ConsultarCPFViewModel
com/origin/cpf_standard/model/CpfDAO.java
 com.origin.cpf_standard.model.CpfDAO
com/origin/cpf_standard/BuildConfig.java
 com.origin.cpf_standard.BuildConfig
com/origin/cpf_standard/service/RequestRepository.java
 com.origin.cpf_standard.service.RequestRepository
 com.origin.cpf_standard.service.RequestRepository$1
 com.origin.cpf_standard.service.RequestRepository$2
 com.origin.cpf_standard.service.RequestRepository$SessionCookieJar
com/origin/cpf_standard/ui/historico_consultar_cpf/ViewModelObjectFactory.java
 com.origin.cpf_standard.ui.historico_consultar_cpf.ViewModelObjectFactory
com/origin/cpf_standard/databinding/ConsultarHistoricoBinding.java
 com.origin.cpf_standard.databinding.ConsultarHistoricoBinding
com/origin/cpf_standard/databinding/FragmentBoaVistaBinding.java
 com.origin.cpf_standard.databinding.FragmentBoaVistaBinding
com/origin/cpf_standard/databinding/FragmentBoaVistaConsultarBinding.java
 com.origin.cpf_standard.databinding.FragmentBoaVistaConsultarBinding
com/origin/cpf_standard/databinding/CpfBinding.java
 com.origin.cpf_standard.databinding.CpfBinding
com/origin/cpf_standard/ui/boa_vista/boa_vista.java
 com.origin.cpf_standard.ui.boa_vista.boa_vista
com/origin/cpf_standard/databinding/FragmentConsultarCNPJBinding.java
 com.origin.cpf_standard.databinding.FragmentConsultarCNPJBinding
com/origin/cpf_standard/databinding/ConsultarCnpjBinding.java
 com.origin.cpf_standard.databinding.ConsultarCnpjBinding
com/origin/cpf_standard/ui/historico_consultar_cpf/CpfsAdapter.java
 com.origin.cpf_standard.ui.historico_consultar_cpf.CpfsAdapter
 com.origin.cpf_standard.ui.historico_consultar_cpf.CpfsAdapter$Holder
com/origin/cpf_standard/ui/consultarCNPJ/consultarCNPJ.java
 com.origin.cpf_standard.ui.consultarCNPJ.consultarCNPJ
com/origin/cpf_standard/MainActivity.java
 com.origin.cpf_standard.MainActivity
com/origin/cpf_standard/databinding/FragmentInformacoesCPFBinding.java
 com.origin.cpf_standard.databinding.FragmentInformacoesCPFBinding
com/origin/cpf_standard/databinding/FragmentFormularioConsultarScoreSerasaBinding.java
 com.origin.cpf_standard.databinding.FragmentFormularioConsultarScoreSerasaBinding
com/origin/cpf_standard/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.origin.cpf_standard.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/origin/cpf_standard/databinding/FragmentHistoricoConsultaCpfBinding.java
 com.origin.cpf_standard.databinding.FragmentHistoricoConsultaCpfBinding
com/origin/cpf_standard/databinding/ConsultarCpfBinding.java
 com.origin.cpf_standard.databinding.ConsultarCpfBinding
com/origin/cpf_standard/ui/home/home.java
 com.origin.cpf_standard.ui.home.home
 com.origin.cpf_standard.ui.home.home$1
com/origin/cpf_standard/ui/consultar_cpf/ConsultarCpf.java
 com.origin.cpf_standard.ui.consultar_cpf.ConsultarCpf
 com.origin.cpf_standard.ui.consultar_cpf.ConsultarCpf$1
 com.origin.cpf_standard.ui.consultar_cpf.ConsultarCpf$2
 com.origin.cpf_standard.ui.consultar_cpf.ConsultarCpf$3
com/origin/cpf_standard/databinding/ActivitySplashBinding.java
 com.origin.cpf_standard.databinding.ActivitySplashBinding
com/origin/cpf_standard/databinding/FragmentConsultarCpfBinding.java
 com.origin.cpf_standard.databinding.FragmentConsultarCpfBinding
com/origin/cpf_standard/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.origin.cpf_standard.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/origin/cpf_standard/databinding/ConsultarScoreSerasaBinding.java
 com.origin.cpf_standard.databinding.ConsultarScoreSerasaBinding
com/origin/cpf_standard/ui/InformacoesCPF/InformacoesCPF.java
 com.origin.cpf_standard.ui.InformacoesCPF.InformacoesCPF
 com.origin.cpf_standard.ui.InformacoesCPF.InformacoesCPF$1
